Create new Cribl Search (#44094)
demisto/content: Packs/Cribl/Integrations/CriblSearch/CriblSearch_description.md

> Prerequisites for OAuth 2.0 Authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites for OAuth 2.0 authentication
```

> * Create an API Credential such as Client ID and Client Secret. More information [here](https://docs.cribl.io/cribl-as-code/api-auth/#api-auth-cloud)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create API credentials such as Client ID and Client Secret. For more information, see the [Cribl API authentication documentation](https://docs.cribl.io/cribl-as-code/api-auth/#api-auth-cloud).  
```

> * In the Organization Permissions drop-down menu, select a Permission to apply for the Credential tokens. Define the desired Permissions. To use the API Credential to grant read-only access on individual Cribl Search resources select either the User or Editor Permission on Cribl Search  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the **Organization Permissions** drop-down menu, select a permission to apply for the credential tokens. Define the desired permissions. To use the API credential to grant read-only access on individual **Cribl Search** resources, select either the User or Editor permission on **Cribl Search**.
```

> * Enter the received Client ID and Client Secret into the appropriate integration parameter fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Copy the Client ID and Client Secret into the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** integration parameter fields.
```
